Thanks for the advice
Trust me Im  avoiding spreading it. but you know this Coronavirus has a incubation period of about a week without symptoms. That can realistically be around the period after Carnival flu season. That said how can we avoid spreading the virus without  knowledge of its presence in the body...
Yeah but what about rampant weaponized ignorance.. That seems to be all over the place and its extremely contagious..
Practice frequent hand washing, use hand sanitizer, cough and sneeze in your sleeve or elbow not in your hands or use tissue.  Never reuse tissue. Eat a  healthy diet.
Sorry that will spread like butter in the hot sun hear....bosses dont like to let workers stay home and people nasty
How that should work if people spreading it already without having any symptoms?
That IS NOT a medical association advisory!! Lmao!
Avoid spreading it?? , ,  I want to avoid getting it , 
Isnt that obvious?
Some will die and some will live
Arati Ramcharitar,  STOP IT NOW 
And AIDS?
Would the person or persons who were spreading Any Viral Illnesses jus stop ok Medical Association said so , ,  duh
Buh wait nah! TT getting better and better at copycatism! Trump just announced a task force and it look like before the ink dry on the paper it pass through down the islands and rock we jus so.,  ,  The USA has banned flights from parts of China and has now declared Coronavirus  as a National crisis and we in Trinidad giving it a holiday before carnival.,  ,  We really good!
Actually ...people who dont care continue living as if they will never die... People who do care..try to be preventative and cautious... If two hands were clapping..yea wed have answers but... Thats just how it is.
Dis will test the Rowley administration to the limit as to whether they are fit for gov. Dr Rowley I have some advice for u - see the country thru dis safely and u will deal another 5 yrs in gov.
HEE HEE HEErah, why dont you take your weak strong recommendations,  and go change your name and hide somewhere like your compatriot, former head of the SSA Reshmi Ramnarine?,  Did any one ask for your recommendation?,  ,  Everything is a crisis for you guys. ,  My recommendation to you is just get out of the way, sit back and admire the work of the best Government ever assembled in our Countrys history.
If dat reach here the whole of this country dead so let dem play fool nah
They working hard -GLASS BOTTLES BANNED FOR CARNIVAL 2020 lol
Since 2015 theyre working on an evacuation plan for Port of Spain in case of emergency....it,  is as dead as the crime plan and the school violence prevention program....task,  force?
If that was to happen by the end of it all ,someone gonna get rich.
jus stay home why complain u all dont got a house
Corona virus , ,  stop , ,  me nah over me dead , ,  body. Trinidad , ,  here I come.
This the task force , Nano Silver Health Trinidad & Tobago
Who want d job
U know these government ministers ceased to amazed med with their interlect d world is taking mearures n we are business as usual not even if d lord comes down carnival will not stop they prefer to allow all to get d virus
Carnival is going to bring with it a lot of foreign visitors so this should have already been done our country backwards
Heerah boy de govt worrying about carnival. That is not them focus.
The Coronavirus has spread to Canada, US, Germany, Hong Kong, Australia. Japan, Singapore and Malaysia has anyone of them shut down their tourism industry?,  The US Center for discease control and prevention   (CDC) reported that 80,000  Americans died of flu related complications during the period 2017 to 2018 and 57,300 in 2019. Did the US government shut down Disney world or any of their tourist sites or stopped indoor and outdoor concerts?  ,  T&T health system has faced zika, chikungunya Ebola, flu, SARS and  MERS viruses. Despite all the political mischief talk by the usual suspects we have never fallen into a crisis. ,  The US by complete contrast has an opioid, methamphetamine,  , heroine, tobacco cancer , multi mass murders crisis etc. The Philadelphia Inquirer in a June 8 2017 repot stated since 1980, most US cities and small towns have become infested with bedbugs ...,  Yet small minded purveyors of constant gloom and doom call us third world. ,  These so called developed countries with all the sophisticated equipment have not been able to prevent infectious diseases entering their countries. However, we are supposed to perform miracles with a pervasive lackadaisical, baccanalian culture given to knee jerk reactions. The Ministry of Health has been pleading with citizens to get the flu vaccine. However,  the Ministry reported that all the flu related deaths have been amongst persons in the high risk group non of which were vaccinated. ,  Their families blame the government and medical professionals without accepting any blame for their irresponsibilit, y. ,  This is not surprising because Trinbagonians suffering with diabetes and hypertension dont follow the simple risk avoidance recommendation of diet, exercise and abstinence from alcohol and tobacco. However, when they  loose limbs, sight, renal failure etc who do they blame?
Once they party not in power these Indian ppl see doom an gloom in every thing
Hype like swine flu, like SARS, chinkuya , Ebola and the list goes on and on about world ending disease
We just goin to ignore h1n1 currently killing ppl here
There are no direct flights from China to , T.T, , so there are many checks before travellers get here
To the few educated comments, faith in us restored. To the others? Im sure yall were in the first set to buy out tickets for Kes and Machel monday but here cussing for likes. Look go buy a Corona and relax eh steupz. Get all the stakeholders together and see if they cancelling anything last minute if you all so serious!
....wow!.. what a great decision!!....t, hey must be feeling so effing important!!
I agree with the banning of glass bottles to carnival & hope it will continue throughout the yrs to come I agree even more so that carnival should be canceled this yr & Im waiting patiently to see how many ppl will be on d road sigh....
So they prefer to ban glass bottles for carnival rather than shut down the entire festival enlight of the coronavirus! Great job guys! Yall so smart! Smh , #, bestGovernmentE, ver,  , 
Carnival should be cancelled the ppl in charge really dont care about the health of the citizens of this country. The health system we have cant even handle the normal flu. But they concerned about glass bottles for carnival. May God help us
All they have in the airport is a guy with a thermal scanner probably to detect body heat temperatures. If youre able to suppress that then you should get by easily. I came through with a terrible cough and cold earlier this week with no problems. Stood infront of him, coughed twice. He seemed puzzled but still got through without any questions asked. Were secured, nothing to worry about. , #, sarcasm
I guess carnival wont be postponed until later 2020. Just wait two weeks after its all over to see all who develops symptoms of the deadly virus , 
Took years of plan to develop that brilliant idea.
All the people who know if they stay they safe ! Stay home and be so ! To the rest of trini revelers and travelkers who decide to enjoy what our tiny island have to offer enjoy and keep safe !
Was carnival cancelled because of Eboli or SARS.. To later to ban duch, imagine Carib scamparing to get plastic, tetra packs for beer and the same for other manufacturers. This needs to be planned months in advance.
Not once I ever see a bottle pick up itself and beat up somebody. , , Glass bottles are banned but Corona Virus is welcomed, 
Is years I reading this crap & nothing being done !
Hmmm...what is more important here, ban d glass bottles or the safety of the citizens? Lord take control , 
Great Glass Bottles Banned , ,  But how does this help when people dropping dead next couple days when Carnival take all yall money?
Carnival doesnt need to be canceled just postpone like they did in 1972 during the polio outbreak
Are there any penalties attached to this ban because if its not law how are the police gonna interact with citizens without escalating the encounter (Im already seeing alot of resisting arrest charges come ash Wednesday) and another thing didnt the government speak on banning plastic and styrofoam containers. So soon it will be no glass no plastic and no styrofoam, how would persons carry around liquids?
So we just gunna act like the Coronavirus doesnt exist?
Try and enforce it. Good luck. Worried about flying glass but not bullets.
We already banned common sense. Good to see glass bottles joining the list.
Plastic is way more harmful to environment than glass... so go figure... more pollution for TNT/earth
Hmmm....no one knows what to believe. The government should have a plan of action, in case a major breakout happens. Leaving the citzens of their country in the dark again, ppl have to take their own precautions because you sure on your own now.
Why yall didnt share more light on the situation then ? At least explain wat the hearse were doing there.. shipping out drugs , , , 
Theres always a cover up
keep fool we people will get what they want
Just like the government lie till everyone dead
You all will really tell us?Really really????
Rishe Madho
David Wolf Persad
Cant believe a word
Somethin fishy
Hmmm
TTPS NEED TO LOCK UP PEOPLE WHO SPREAD FAKE NEWS
This government is coverup after coverup
This is fake news like the plot to send five Chinese with the virus.
Me too !!!?
I am an ardent member of the PNM, however I believe the population is tired of the talk. We want less talk and more action. Use information to garner evidence and LOCK the Perpetrators up whosoever they may be...periodttt!
So those are the ones who is doing all these murders in Tdad and Tobago, at all different times of day and night, and in 2, 3s and 4s. But how come you aint lock them up yet an seize their bank accounts. Stuart Boy you could have really fooled me but looking forward to some action now.
After all the time is nearly up for you  to go you bring names look g just give me abdt and this country a break from all this ctruma please thank you kindly
a woman once went to the bank to do some transactions...,  the teller then asked her maam can you please identify yourself, she swiftly took out a mirror and after looking intensly at it for a minute she said ...yes..its me alright........, .say less....
For years all yuh hearing is it have big fish now is crime with benifits  all I seeing is law suits and lawyers getting more rich
WHY Not Allow The Man/Minister To Perform His Job! Rome Was NOT Build In A Day/Overnight Success Doesnt Happen Overnight! LET US ALL DO OUR PART IN THE INTERIM TO ASSIST!
If he did so then it was really a waste on money spend on the Red House, cause it would nobody present........, . all should be behind bars
You only making allegations,if I was in your position I would act,get results and then talk,you know everything but nothing happening,conti, nue to fool the people you all are accustom to fool,the rest of us know better
We were once told by someone that he knew the name of Mr Big, but before he could tell us, he died.
He is making a list. He is checking it twice. He is going to find out if youre naughty or nice. Stuart Young is coming to Town.
Ill take it he took a selfie this morning
Well you continue to keep that warm in your back pocket.
who does benefit from crime ? ,  well alot of people does ,  police does otherwise  we wouldnt need police ,  lawyers  as well ,  judges as well shall i continue?
Youll want crime stop but always negative then whats the sense complaining one set of fb professional always have no answer but know to comment negatively 
Bring it forward without the privilege of palliment be sure to dance to the song you singing SY
How come is only when elections time around he find the perpetrators..., stop drinking the fxxxing balise juice ..and you going to see the true criminals...the,  ones who pulling your strings...
Lawyers,welders, ,police,army,ma, gistrates,secur, ity firms,ministers,  of security,coast guard,I leave anyone out?
Well he didnt exactly have to look far , \u200d
Reminds me of one of the former prime minister, he knew who were the big fish and never caught them. Those big fish are probably whales by now.
Compensate the people for their land and then continue your construction, construction to the detriment of a significant part of south... If everyone commenting here took a minute to understand the movement.,  ,  1. Ensure that, with the development of the highway, there are sustainable and proper hydrological/ drainage measures being put into place.,  2. Compensate residents at market value for their LEGAL ownership of land and property ,  2. Do not break the law by forcibly removing homeowners without notice or legal agreements in place. ,  ,  Different groups are being formed to gain media attention regarding the constant flooding of South Trinidad, however, do the members of said groups and the general public realize the link between the flooding problem and highway development? Rain has fallen for decades upon decades and South has never been impacted as badly as they have been in the last 5 years... what changed? Yes, there are several factors including the mismanagement and inability to maintain waterways, however the SIGNIFICANT change was the development of this highway which is what the HRM has been saying all along. They ARE NOT AGAINST THE BUILDING AND DEVELOPMENT OF THE HIGHWAY!!!! They are asking for feasibility studies and proper engineering to facilitate the development and fair compensation and treatment of the affected residents. Come on people. UNDERSTAND BEFORE YOU SPECULATE!
Look and see the Tobago airport will start and finish which will be progress and growth....The certin people in south will say the pnm forget them and dont do enough in south but is their own stopping the growth and progress....
And you admitted that you voted for the PNM...what did you believe? Did you believe that some miracle would have happened under this regime.
You know I sometimes wonder if we understand that violence must not begat violence. Govt is breaking the law so you say, then you break the law to get your just reward. What does that resemble.
You continue to lose weight over your fastings and a celibrity status to be notice and always in the news,over Governments decisions
Kubs u continue to prevent this country from growing and the betterment of hard working ppl lives 
Build  the  highway  save  the  environment....,   less  travel  time  more  economic  growth.
Some of the same people who were against building the highway a few years ago, supported and condoned Kublalsingn actions then, but now with a different Government theyre condemning now.
Just finish the flipping hi-way.talk done.
progress has a price kubs
find out what he wants and give it to him so progress can continue.
The people by the Tobago airport will get full compensation from this government $1 billion to spend on a airport but people in Pinal will get nothing all your vote for the wrong party
And he is breaking the law by climbing onto peoples machines!!
Aa look jesus christ record breaker.....
Say what u want about this man but hes persistent and adamant about his beliefs
Who the hell is this man . Why Govements   even give him a hearing. Kamala left him on the pavement to starve to death .
This man need to get a life
Someone please give this man 2 doubles and let him  go in a corner quietly
But sometimes is it worth it Alleyne , 
Where this disposable maxi pad come from... Stupes
This is where doubles all started...Chole,  bhture (Hindi:  ) is a dish originated initially from eastern Uttar Pradesh in the northern part of the Indian Subcontinent. Now this dish is famous invariably in north while having huge following in Punjab. It is a combination of chana masala (spicy white chickpeas) and bhatura, a fried bread made from maida.[1]Chhole,  bhature is often eaten as a breakfast dish, sometimes accompanied with lassi. However, it can also be a street food or a complete meal and may be accompanied by, for example, onions, carrot pickle, green chutney and achaar.[2],  Chole Bhature served with Boondhi Raita on a roadside stall in Faridabad, Haryana, India.,  
i see people fighting down the deens family contribution to the delicacy and breakfast staple known to be from trinidad.. they did mention that it all originated from the indian chole bhatura this dish however is as different from doubles as chicken pelau is different from chicken biryani... o how trinis love to fight down thier own...smh
Blessings for this fantastic story by CNC3 today Jan 31 2020 !!!, , , , , 
That a prize ,that cannot be proven ok,so just concentrate on the taste  ok., , , , , 
I stop eating doubles after my bowels let go but this time i was in a taxi going home had to call home for a ride, , .
Yeah but it was originally a single until someone asked for two bara.
Yall relax...food is life and like life food is always evolving dont get bogged down wid the origins and heritage etc. Most of the greatest foods around came out of the necessity to feed family and friends. Let the ppl have thier name its deserved.
No dout this doubles looks and taste nice but she has no covering on her head while selling come on man
Where is this place
Dats not doubles deen sell na idk wat d hell is dat but u cant have my money
Yes
Worst doubles.  They need to change the cook
More information at following link: , https://, www.amazon.com/, Out-Doubles-Kitc, hen-Trinidad-To, bago/dp/, 0615855369
They didnt invent doubles, it was brought here when the indians came. People just started asking for 2 together and called it a double. , https://, en.wikipedia.org, /wiki/, Chole_bhature
How could someone, claim something that came with our forefathers from India, as havi g invented it. Sick minds.
The Three bodies being trans shipped out to Venezuela. Vessel hasnt been Far East in months.
So what our boarders still not secure
Steups..as if they will tell us the truth
Three hearse in Point lisas.
So explain this which vennie have all that money to ship back a dead body to venezeula
I keep saying that whoever is spreading those rumors should be charged
Whoever doing this want to instill fear to the population,  They should b charged big time like the man who fake his own kidnapping because he gambled all of the boss mans money
Alyuh studying glass bottles when it have a world health emergency for the Wuhan Coronavirus get serious nah boi
Everything is a just a rumor until d unexpected happens....
Has this been confirmed?
Its in the airport
So whats new..government,   only lying right through
, , 
Whitney Solomon
Cover up
My wife and I eloped and got married there almost 27 years ago!
This Red House restoration were historically needed. I dont see the big deal if it do have a leak thats a small fix this is part of restoration
good....you wont have to walk far to the divorce courts....
Yes study bout small leak in the red house n eh study the panels on yuh roof eh change since the coup , , 
Ok just hope its a sunny day, 
With all dat water leaking , it goh be like a wedding at the sea ? All we hadda walk with is some sand , , , , 
Thanks to my PM blessing all the way
I just love the song ..Baby can you stop the rain... by Peabo Bryson
On ah sunny day , , 
Yess and u can get showers of blessings also, , 
just make sure its not a rainy day,else you will have to walk with umbrellas/
Walk with an umbrella , , , , , , , , 
Yuh goin an marrid in the red house but yu aint hav ah carat house !!
I cant wait to get married again 
Finally my parents got married there back in the early 40s..
Walk with your umbrella
So wey de man mam
Pity beds cannot be returned to Hospitals for people to sleep on instead of the floor....
 , Shelly-Ann Dindial,  we could renew our vows there...10yr milestone, 
Shanice Pakeera,  take my hands in marriage babe I promise I wont suffer you
Not even panadol in the hospitals lets hope Trevor Sayers get a cure for this.virus  or else we just.dead talk done!
There are no drugs in the hospitals so where are you getting drugs to deal with this should there be an outbreak in the country?
OK someone please tell me this is some sort of stupid pointless joke!! what positive effect could possibly come from this!!?? what happens to our nationals departing/, returning from other countries where cases have already been decleared?? what happens to international arrivals coming from other countries that have already declared cases as well??
Is there a plan in place to follow up on these travelers?,  Customs is not part of the Ministry of Health so who will be doing this checking?
Mr minister. There is no aspirin at the teaching hospital in San Fernando.  So you want me to believe you are prepared for the Corona virus. Lol
Theyre taking this virus for a joke.
China is literally building new hospitals to deal with it not only because of the volumes but they do not want to infect other patients in regular hospitals for other ailments. Can we do this???,  Stop trying to pull wool over peoples eyes.
Good.... cause the evidence suggests transmission even when there are no symptoms
Well done , we safe now
Mr Deyals\xadingh, why is it that other countries are SENDING for their nationals, and you are restricting YOUR OWN? Where are we meant to wait for 14 days while the incubation period passes? Are we now someone elses problem?  This is shameful! Welcome your nationals home and provide quarantine for them, just like other more respected countries!!
This measure is very extreme.  No other country is doing this.
Best political move for 2020 so far ...
Is he that good
yea deyassingh close one window an leave the rest of the house open
Where all the Panadol gone
N it done hear is just d government dont want to go public about it it on a down low
Lol
---A long time spell caster is here; Baba Ogun Akande. He have done it for me,   and he isstill doing it. No matter what you are,  facing, he specialized in the following spell:,  Money ritual without killing your family members 08107367724,  (1) If you want your ex back.,  (2) if you always have bad dreams.,  (3) If you want to be promoted in your office.,  (4) If you want women/men to run after you.,  (5) If you want a child.,  (6) If you want to be rich.,  (7) If you want to tie your husband/wife to be yours forever.,  (8) If you need financial assistance.,  (9) Have you been scammed and you want to recover you,  lost money.,  (10) if you want to stop your divorce.,  (11) if you want to divorce your husband.,  (12) if you want your wishes to be granted.,  (13) Pregnancy spell to conceive baby,  (14) Guarantee you win the troubling court cases & divorce,  no matter what stage.,  (15) Stop your marriage or relationship from breaking apart.,  (16) if you have any sickness like  (CANCER) or any,  sickness.,  (17) if you need prayers for deliverance for your child or,  yourself. contact me +2348107367724
https://, m.facebook.com/, story.php?story_, fbid=1022107979, 9174324&id=1523, 793644,  EDUCATE YOURSELVES
A successful negotiation is when BOTH parties win. Bad deals dont benefit anyone. Agreeing to a Two month extension is a signal that negotiations are still taking place.
They closing down every thing now because they pocket  full
If they dont get NGC out of the Natural Gas supply chain it is just postponing the inevitable.
Methanol Holdings is not Methanex Mr. Curtis
Not Methanol Holdings...
Chereen Elizabeth Hooseine, \u200d
Great is the F PNM ent
This man looks like he is about to say....I is a smoker and Diana powermint does help freshen my breath and get rid of d smokiness
Them wicked yes but god dont sleep and for all who talking from what you all see hear jus know we live in a time its jus so unbelievable , :(
I am of the firm belief, that these killings are Extrajudicial killings.
Them is the alleged ones who created crime in Trinidad and Tobago anyway . Wonder why the alleged government has placed back all the dead horses that caused crime in Trinidad and Tobago to be in charge of Public institutions ? . 
All is crime..well done
It would have been nice for them to have simply followed and pick up the rest of them according to the story he was allegedly going to pick up others.
great job by the top cop and his team
You cannot tamper with Gary partner he deep in the spiritual world , , , , , , he knowing thing you aint seen yet
Amazing how intelligence only works for certain people. No scene. Good job anyway
Its says in the caption under the picture, he was arrested, then the article goes on to say he was killed; when will they get it right?
Sip King You\ll always be remembered Glean
Well done
Are these ,  ExtrajudicialKi, llings? Documented evidence must substantiate and support these killings so far its hearsay which is called based on intelligence supported by a certain Media Group suspected and linked to criminal activities to maintain power.
He was gonna get SORT out!
Good detective work.
I say 2020 is the year to SORT them out!
He looks like he just had 30 grams of Marijuana.
His nick name is Shooter.  That say enough.
Congratulations,  officers,
Police just killing people. I taught dem was to protect and serve
People only saying close borders and stop carnival. When you can close borders and still have carnival.
Well we take nothing serious so carry on , thats alright if a few trinis die after all party is most important in Trinidad & Tobago
Youre a bunch of crap
Thank you very much for your services LEOs.,  Blessings to all LEOs.,  Stay strong and safe and be vigilant and get home , ,  to your beautiful families safely.,  , , , , , , , , , 
Only 3. , , , , ...hope its the bosses and not the workers who have a family to feed!
I read what was presented. Having been told two weeks ago, that car stealing was valued at 70 million in 2019....i am perplexed how 3 arrested and a Hyundai returned could be concluded as a  Major breakthrough . Do explain. Im happy the person will get back their vehicle by the way....but 70 million and 1 vehicle and 3 people?
Hope they can share information so I can get back my vehicle that was stolen.
Still waiting to hear about my moms stolen car , 
What is the penalty for car stealing? Is this a bailable crime? Car stealing should be treated as the western days.....hang them . The distress caused and the damages. A family striving to raise their head, buys a car for 100k. Bandit thief it.  They still have to pay the credit lending agency their 100k. So string them up.
THE SMALL FRIES WUD BE HELD.THE BIG PAPPIES ROAM FREE.
let me guess the man in the bamboo who they stealing the cars for still free
WOW... 3 PPL
I say .....Deport them or cut it off............
Make sure that chinee man eh cough on nobody please otherwise i , \u200d, \u200d, \u200d
Bet meh!!! Black hen chicken make jail, but chinee get bail........ I could write poetry.
That is only three men it have more.. get them all..
Evil!!! , \u200d, \u200d, \u200d
More cameras really needed on the streets to nab these thieves who are indeed criminals.
Should have been shot on sight
Like TT MOH took an overdose of sleep aid. They cant wake up and smell the coffee. RIP to us after carnival.
And they wont even push bk Carnival like bk in 72. Govt studying Carnival revelries  and not the nations health. God be with us we.
Everything in this country falling apart...ppl really think with our current useless health system we can contain or treat this virus?? First world countries cant even contain it so lets be real ppl...it jus sickens me to hear trini s ranting about still wanting carnival. Smh
The health minister is a waste of time we need help
cnc3 question of the day should be..... vote.....carniv, al or no carnival
Minister of Health needs to see this!
There are different types of Coronaviruses. .. Human Coronavirus, SARS Coronavirus, MERS Coronavirus....,  both human and SARS Coronavirus are labeled on lysol....This strain however is NEW, there is no known cure.
America, , , ,  they dont know how significant carnival is to trinbagonians
Carnival is a liability.  To tax payers
Trinidad is not part of the world....CANCEL,  CARNIVAL!!!!!
The world health organization
Guess Trinidad and Tobago not part of the WORLD.
I dont know who, stop asking who, I dont know!
What going on at Plipdeco????
I dunno... Who? , , , , , ,  Sorry just had to lol
W. H. O.
Who did??
Smh..if yall really think Lysol can save yall from this virus just shows how much we not ready..the amount of people that are infected in China is probably the amount of people it have in Trinidad...just,  one person need to come here with that..they knew about this since December..& its really scary..practice,  good hygiene & stock up on your vitamin c
We stated this would happen earlier. Time for our government to do the right thing and cancel Carnival 2020..., http://bit.ly/, 37FPTYF
Just make a visit to any hospital in tnt , it full to the max everyday , we not ready for nothing , not even the common cold! HEALTH first ppl.
Makes me wish we had intelligent people running our country , ,  worst yet we were the ones that give these people the power to literally shatter our safety and stability.
Dont get me wrong... I love Carnival and Soca but when the citizens lives are at risk do the correct thing and postpone all events and the two day celebration.
It is sometimes necessary to have a mind of your own. Not everyone will have your best interest at heart.
From World Health Organization.,  ,  Ghebreyesus also urged all countries around the world to work together to support weaker health systems, develop and distribute vaccines and prevent transmission of the virus.
A RECOMMENDATION is not i repeat ...is not an INSTRUCTION
Carnival was postponed in 1972 to May of that year and it was still a success
THIS IS OUR COUNTRY, WE MAKE THE RULES. Who is WHO to tell us otherwise. We cannot deal with this virus!
What is the name of rubishness I am hearing here? So an airline can stop flights and we cannot stop travel? Hong Kong closes its borders and we must remain open? Stupes.
Cancel Carnival 2020 , #, CC2
#, trinidad,  , #, pnm,  , #, carnival,  Listen to the people of this country whose lives matter more than your money!!!! Cancel carnival!!!! , #, cancelcarnival,   you all have your millions to fly your family out to get care, we here have to suffer in hospitals that not ready to treat a headache!!!! People Put your family first! Get smart!!! Stop people from coming in until the world gets a handle on this!!!!!!
he cud say what he want ...we need to be protected against this fatal virus ...14 days I agree totally
You can still close the borders and have carnival.
Why must they care..carnival must go on..how will they wine n jam, 
Enquire about the MTM Shanghai docked at Point Lisas? Is it true 3 dead crew members were removed yesterday?
Questions these Ministers should be asking themselves:,  ,  Is Trinidad, and Tobago capable of dealing with an outbreak?,  Do they have adequate facilities to quaranteen the affected?,  Are your Hospitals equipped to deal with, quarenteen, and administer the proper treatments to affected Citizens?,  Are your Twin Islands as large as those in Europe, America, or even Whuhan?,  Are you capable of dealing with a food shortage?,  Are your Doctors, Nurses, and Health Care Professionals trained to deal with an outbreak?,  If your answers are yes to these question then open your borders, let every flight land from China to Timbuktu, and eat, drink, and be merry.,  Just keep in mind that Nero fiddled, as Rome burned!
Anyone actually read the article? Based on the comments it does not seem like it.
So it is so dangerous that WHO declares it a Global Health Emergency, but we must continue as normal, and get infected? WHO seem to be contradicting themselves.
Carnival 2020 needs to be cancelled..., http://bit.ly/, 37FPTYF
I understand there are no test kits in at least one well known private hospital so how do people test for this virus and what is the government doing to get these kits ?
Actually I believe its named petite tambo... as in describing its size
I dont care whats it called...I just love it.
Toppi or Tobi  tambo I LOVE IT ALL THE  SAME .
Its actually called topi tambo but we trini calls it tipi tambo, piti tambo and suitani
Before you all promote what we have as a nation, you all creating chaos as regards the name of a lovely food, we as a nation going nowhere fast, thanks to incompetent, chaotic media
I say Tippi tambo. Whats the correct name?
Also known as Chinese potato
Tippi Tambo, 
Water chestnut
Ive always known it as tippi tambo
Both! Topi tambo,  However trinis say tippi tambo
I know it as kush kush and tippitambo
If you are from st Madeline they call it sutani 
I know,it as tippi tambo
I know it as tippi  tambo
Tippy tambo.
Sutnie that is the  Indian name for it and the English name fo it Pete tambo
Petite tambo
Suttani ilov it.
Tippi tambo none it dat way 36 yrs now , , 
LOL, we really have a Carnival mentality here. LOL. They dont want to postpone or cancel Carnival, so jump up, wine, and die after.
If that virus is reported in Trinidad or Tobago during the Carnival season or after, whenever -- the government will be held most highly accountable and have hell to pay. Mark my words! I have said it from the start -- CANCEL CARNIVAL!!!!!!!,  Who vex, loss!!!!!!! That is their business!!!!!!!,  You cannot risk the population of 1.3 - .4 million people, for two to three days of fun. The country is small and it increases the fast spread of the virus because of that mere fact. Those arguing in favor of Carnival cares not for themselves or loved ones -- but I do -- and I do for my fellow citizens as well. Cancel Carnival until this growing pandemic is brought under control. I implore the government of Trinidad and Tobago to seek the countrys interest regarding to safety first before anything else. Do what is right! It is better to be safe -- than sorry.
When little Trinidad and Tobago start falling like flies then..  it will be to late. Carnival so important stupess
Yeah! Great news. The San Fernando hospital in collaboration with CARIRI and the Cannabis Center for Diseases Control will make a breakthrough with a vaccine by then.
This is a big joke , Carnival needs.to be cancelled oh gosh...lets live to fete another day nah.This is a serious concern and we are too laid back as a people lets try to get this one thing right nah oh God..allyuh ..let common sense prevail please.
I saying d same thing every year around dis time Dey want to cancel carnival!  Its always some out break or something!  It seems to b a recurring decimal now!  Smdh
14 days is not enough.  It takes that long in a persons system before they start to display symptoms. This time frame is Ill advised.
Okay so everyone saying cancel carnival. So we cancel it? Is that going to stop it from entering the country? Scenario.  Ash Wednesday a full flight from london comes in. One person on board has the virus unknowingly and infects everyone on the flight. Everyone on the flight enters the country. Regardless if they cancel carnival or not, one person is going to slip through and enter the country.
This is why this measure is a load of crap , , - where will the person be during the 14 days- not one of the other countries that have the virus. Boy this Deyalsingh is really Denial- singh
is CARNIVAL more important than the citizens of Trinidad and Tobago
Canceling carnival wont make sense unless flights and maritime travel are postponed
Coronavirus is a serious thing and a lot of people have been gathering around to drink that since midevil times.    Stag is the real beer.
This restriction doesnt make any sense its not only china that has the virus.There were quit a number of reported cases outside of China like Canada which have flights that come to trinidad everyday even the US. The virus doesnt necessarily have to come from CHINA......
These people funny yes.so they put a time period on when d corona virus will be extinguished and when it safe to travel....fooli, shness
Trinidad needs to CANCEL carnival. It is too risky.. And the chinese that come in through  Tobago that is a problem.. A big problem. That virus can get here and we are not EQUIPT for it!
My only take is Trinidads immigration has no valid way of confirming where passengers actually commenced their journey from 
I hope they screen all incoming flights.... as far I as remember there arent any direct China to TT flights.. how would our officials identify persons who were boarded at China. ,  This has nothing to do with carnival regardless if theres an influx of tourists visits around this time.... canceling carnival and tourist still have their plane tickets and vacations booked. , , \u200d
China it already reach Australia, Canada, USA and Unconfirmed but some Carribbean Islands.  ,  A CrewShip Is dock with over 7000 people and no one can leave this ship because of 2 suspected persons with the Caronavirus.
A small step in the right direction.
Legend has it once you draw  balisier flower in hot water for three days it will  cure almost any diseases    except  idiocy
Condolences to the family...Wishin, g you peace and strength during this difficult time.,  May his soul rest in peace. , , , , , 
Tragic.  My deepest condolence to his family.
Condolences to his family & friends. Gone 2 soon may he RIP
Sad just how that car mash up yuh know its instant death, hmmm RIP such a constructive young man wow
Rest in peace. Condolences to his loved ones
Rip kadeem may your soul rest in peace, , 
Sad indeed  condolences to his family
Sad so young , , , condolences to his love ones.
Condolences to your family. Rip
Condolences to his family
R.i.p my brother
Condolences to the family
Condolences to the family
RIP Kobe Bryant! , 
Condolences to his family
So sad..
I my sympathy to the family
I swear I was just showing my aunt his Pic and telling her he is sooooo fine then to look on fb and see he died this messed up my whole mental for the day
R.I.P
gone too soon RIP my brother
Still waiting to hear from them after my mothers car was stolen in woodbrook.
Smmh dats just P.R and dey using fall guys. Vehicle stealing in T&T is waaaay bigger dan we think. It is a million dollar business dat have many big players such as insurance companies and repair shops, the bamboo, used parts dealer and criminals. Must stolden vehs the thieves already have sale 4 d parts because a order is place in dat net work and d rest are taken to commit crime.
Exceptional work TTPS.
Why didnt the police arrest those criminals who took our hilux in penal
Great job ttps
Wait so is them behind all them stolen nissans !!!! That explains a lot ! 
Nice work
CAR STEALING RACKET IN TUNAPUNA POLICE INVOLVED.    TTPS GOOD WORK KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK
Public floggings in independence square...den jail dey skrunts
Claps to the TTPS... great job
Good job
Bend dem,let them call the names of all associated.
Dang!!! They got Han...
No pictures of them because they are Chinese but if it was black boys their picture will be all over media
Ah understand the Chinese man from chin chin an the next two from enterprise
LOAN OFFER !!!,  ,  Apply for an online cash loan at a low interest rate of  3%, We offer business, personal,and car,home,mortga, ge Xmas loans our ranging from ( $5,000,00 to  $2,000,000.00  USD ) e.t.c with out salary transfer, interested customers should kindly messaged our official Facebook page or  E-mail address { Beverlyonlinelo, an@gmail .com},  ,  EMAIL : BEVERLYONLINELO, AN@GMAII .COM,  ,  CONTACT US ON WHATSAPP VIA : +1 (321)  250-1907
Send them back wdh
Am excited to know whats going tru Garys mind..., , , , , ..,  ,  Hes amazing yes...lol...
https://, www.youtube.com/, watch?v=Z0BL0x8W, 8-o
LOAN OFFER !!!,  ,  Apply for an online cash loan at a low interest rate of  3%, We offer business, personal,and car,home,mortga, ge Xmas loans our ranging from ( $5,000,00 to  $2,000,000.00  USD ) e.t.c with out salary transfer, interested customers should kindly messaged our official Facebook page or  E-mail address { Beverlyonlinelo, an@gmail .com},  ,  EMAIL : BEVERLYONLINELO, AN@GMAII .COM,  ,  CONTACT US ON WHATSAPP VIA : +1 (321)  250-1907
I hope its shown live to educate the nation
It may be wise to listen to the information and comment after
AA amazing  EXPERTS all of a SUdden.....
Why do we like so much pomp and circumstance in this country? How can you give informed analysis on a new virus that not even the Chinese government can contain or combat? Your time will be better spent taking our government to task on being reactive, instead of proactive, concerning nationwide precautionary measures, Chinese nationals to and from T&T weekly, cancelling carnival, etc..., http://bit.ly/, 37FPTYF
LOAN OFFER !!!,  ,  Apply for an online cash loan at a low interest rate of  3%, We offer business, personal,and car,home,mortga, ge Xmas loans our ranging from ( $5,000,00 to  $2,000,000.00  USD ) e.t.c with out salary transfer, interested customers should kindly messaged our official Facebook page or  E-mail address { Beverlyonlinelo, an@gmail .com},  ,  EMAIL : BEVERLYONLINELO, AN@GMAII .COM,  ,  CONTACT US ON WHATSAPP VIA : +1 (321)  250-1907
The Morvant Health Centre has been closed temporarily, and is expected to reopen tomorrow.,  ,  An official statement from the North West Regional Health Authority (NWRHA) advises that the Centre was closed at 10:00 a.m. today, Thursday 30th January 2020, to facilitate routine maintenance works by the Trinidad and Tobago Electricity Commission (T&TEC).
I hope is really that
Good governance
It leaking too? , , , 
Wen ppl need it most
Wykey Wyke
PNM CLOSED OH OH PNM
LOAN OFFER !!!,  ,  Apply for an online cash loan at a low interest rate of  3%, We offer business, personal,and car,home,mortga, ge Xmas loans our ranging from ( $5,000,00 to  $2,000,000.00  USD ) e.t.c with out salary transfer, interested customers should kindly messaged our official Facebook page or  E-mail address { Beverlyonlinelo, an@gmail .com},  ,  EMAIL : BEVERLYONLINELO, AN@GMAII .COM,  ,  CONTACT US ON WHATSAPP VIA : +1 (321)  250-1907
Why dont they start importing medicine  for the hospitals?? Isnt that a priority? A relative of mine was very ill in San Fernando hospital and they were writing prescriptions for her to get her own pills. She was haemorrhaging so badly and there is no GI dr at that hospital to do any scopes on her. It is poor  south people who are suffering., , 
Now this raises the question of the customs officer who seized the item and was taken to court and now lost the decision. Taxpayers money was spent to take this to court and because the officer is for a lack of better words uneducated about the law it ended up costing the taxpayers. He now needs to be disciplined.
Yes the judge waiting to deal with this so long they have things to clear
Thanks high court I highly agree
Wow. This story and the fact it made news.... wtf ,  Starting to get that ultra dictatorship feeling that all in your second drawer
Hahahahaha they needed a court to tell us this lol.... The interpretation of the law i think was clear
Being to afford and buy things is bad according to the government. Having disposable income means u want too much. Freedom to be a consumer is wicked.
Hooray! Somebody with sense.
Because it gives pleasure not kill people
Glad to see theyre tackling the real issues.
thats why people are loosing thier jobs and the crime rate so high wrong priorities god help us all
Deal with him stiff and hard. , , 
What does this have to do with health issues!, 
Correct. Leave people & their choices. Sperate church from state when they start acting holy holy. I love teaching on sex magic & it works. Many Pastors are great with sex magic so let them know Susan said all need to have fun not only them should enjoy multiple orgasms then some don\t get much who rant & speak immorality. All the best & happy SEX life
This law is too old and needs to be changed!
This is what Trinidad High Court studying?, , , 
If someone gets pleasure from a toy who are we to judge. Thats the purpose of it. 100% sure no disease involved in that.
customs officers deliberately did this to make money for their friends who are lawyers.
who said it was unlawful? its a product tho, 100% Sure members of the high use them also. , 
forget toys lock down the borders  and all ports stop carnival  the virus  will come in we just have to contain it
As the people and As a nation we do not need the Government to cancel carnival. We can do this ourselves by not attending thats all.. No bid deall!! Less money to spend.
The safety of the people comes first.,  
The hot and dingy subway system of the 1970\s has been completely renovated into a safe, convenient and comfortable mode of transportation between nearly all areas of New York City. Over 4.3 million people ride the subway system every day; over 1 billion people go through the turnstiles per year!                                                          ,                                                                                                                     The above information was taken from Google eh, not me, eh, I ent so smart. Should NYC SHUT DOWN THE SUBWAY SYSTEM ?
Waiting to hear what they come up with. We already have shortages of resources. Lets hear their big move.
This virus could spread with one person infecting the whole country within a matter of days .Carnival is around the corner but in the intrest of public safety and health I hope some common sense prevails and they postpone or cancel carnival based on what is being reported by the WHO. I know this will affect a lot of people but our safety and health should be first and foremost otherwise the cost would be very out of this world.
Zhong Nanshan, the guy who discovered the SARS Coronavirus recommends that before you go out to public places or return from public places, that you gargle and rinse youre mouth with some mild salt water. I am not sure if it will work for this new virus but it is better than doing nothing!, 
The basic thing people can do is practice frequent hand washing.  Do not touch your face in public.  If you have cold symptoms stay home.  If you have to go out cover your mouth to cough and sneeze.  Do not cough in your hands. Use a tissue then throw it in the garage.  Do not reuse tissue.  Cover your mouth with your sleeve or elbow or cough or sneeze  inside the neckline of your shirt. Stay healthy.
We should be able to enjoy our carnival JUST shut down the airport...
Dog eat we supper here, Lord help and cover us from this virus. This government only care about the economic effect on this country if we cancel carnival. People protect yourself please. It if is possibility that it can come to this country for carnival.  The government doesnt have anything in place to combat this virus.
People stock up on yall vitamins practice safe hygiene..a weak immune system you dont have a chance.so mostly kids & elderly people need to be more careful..this government dont care they showed time & time again...they talking about screening,yall,  know it take days before you show any signs of the virus..smfh
Get on the same page as everyone are concern. Cancel the carnival dont play with the lives of the people!!!
Cancel carnival and certain flights from certain countries to, just till it gets better.. And if someone has to come for an emergency theyd be screened... Simple
You cant just cancel something that has been in works for MONTHS things are put in place sometimes 6 months prior to carnival even happening. What yall should be petitioning for is proper screening for foreigners who, mind you, have already spent their money to play and rent hotels etc.
I dont understand that our lives are up for debate?They should be talking about the decision to cancell carnival.smh.
National health is also national security, shutdown carnival or die,simple.
I honestly dont want to hear their plans, for some reason nothing this man says seems to make sense,every time I listen to one of their plans it only upsets me,its like when these people become politicians they lose touch with reality and anything that makes sense.
Incompetent government.for to months now.i in the hospital and seeing people suffering
A set of bobble head ministers who comprises of the cabinet and dont know a single thing about  a virus, moreless, the coronavirus, will discuss a plan today.....we reach.
Dont get me wrong okay I understand the serious treat to this country about the Corona virus but my question is! Im wandering if the speaker of the house is going to allow the health minister to speak about the importance of the health factor and treat to our country as when the opposition leader was deny the fact to speak about the crime issue we are having in our twin islands?
Postpone carnival  best decision
I agree cancel carnival our health care in T&T in a mess if that virus come here whats gonna happen?? Regardless of what the gov do I would be in my house with my children for the carnival season
I love having a nice time for carnival but my life and the lives of my family means everything to me so I agree with cancelling of carnival....thi, s is about our safety and the preservation of human lives!
I think that anyone who attends Carnival this year, can be considered murderers! This corovirus is a serious situation and attending carnival to wine and jam for a two days is risking your family and love one\s life because we do not know who will be jamming alongside you. There are no early symptoms...we do not know who might be traveling here to our little island and already infected. Whether or not the government decides to still carry on with carnival this year, we the people who actually have the power should cancel this potentially suicidal event and stay indoors!!!
My mum wait yesterday from 10amto10pm  at the st James hospital for treatment what if
Our health care system lack resources and the capability to attend to those who have a common cold or fever in an efficient manner. You really think were capable of handling the Coronavirus (CoV)if it happens to hit our shores?,  ,   With the influx of tourist ( over 30,000) for 2020 Carnival our chances of the virus has definitely increased and everyone can be a statistic. I honestly believe that Carnival 2020 should be cancelled. As the saying always goes and also a basic health care principle Prevention is better than Cure
I agree cancel carnival...... the health and safety of our citizens are more important......
I love carnival..but this time Im fearful..we dont even have the proper masks!..
Yes cancel carnival...we are not prepared for something like this... Our health system is very poor in this country
The voices can say whatever they want it would fall on deaf ears, its all about the almighty $$$ lifes doesnt matter to these ppl, plus they have the resources to do as they pleases to protect themselves (if it becomes necessary)
We dont need permission to cancel carnival.  Cancel carnival for yourself and stay home. Keep safe. Be stern with visitors hygiene and do your part. I will do mine. Let those who want to risk it, risk it away from those who want to be safe.
Yes cancel carnival our lives is more important
Lord you are giving us simple choices.Hell or heaven.You are trying to save people by taking away Carnival,headed,  by the devils.When we choose evil,consequenc, es follow.What would Jesus do?Pick up your cross and follow him and pray for mercy in our land.Time draws closer.
Ask your selves where do all the costumes come from ? Where they are made ? The weekend after carnival im sure we will have a few cases
Yes agreed....use this post as the mc petition
Just 1 year please postpone Carnival. The citizens lives are at risk. Rather have 100 dead. God protects
Postpone carnival.As it is right now the hospitals have no available beds and medication so all yuh know all ah we dead if that virus reaches T&T..., , , , , , 
Boy cott all them fete and carnival. We dont need them to cancel carnival we d public just dont show up and stay away.
See they say hotel bookings are 100%. No chance of postponing Carnival now. Start drinking and bathing in Lysol and get your masks.
My health first carnival my best festival but not going to be take part in nothing until its safe cancel carnival I agree
Its not only the government to cancel carnival, ,  if everyone boycott then there would be no carnival and the government would have no say.
Over 15 years and case now in progress. Is that justice? No but we became accustomed to such. What an indictment on our justice system.
Whats d reason these 2 guys have for killing d lady someone is d mastermind behind it all.,  So sad such a beautiful woman killed at d end of d day we leave this world with nothing
Where is he by the way ??
Never hear bout khalids supermarket since
Gosh dis case still going on
Hmm serious
Who will be paying for them big time lawyers
Everybody knows what happened here..smh...Tri, nidad is really not a real place.
Just hang him nd get it over with they killing innocent people.
LOAN OFFER !!!,  ,  Apply for an online cash loan at a low interest rate of  3%, We offer business, personal,and car,home,mortga, ge Xmas loans our ranging from ( $5,000,00 to  $2,000,000.00  USD ) e.t.c with out salary transfer, interested customers should kindly messaged our official Facebook page or  E-mail address { Beverlyonlinelo, an@gmail .com},  ,  EMAIL : BEVERLYONLINELO, AN@GMAII .COM,  ,  CONTACT US ON WHATSAPP VIA : +1 (321)  250-1907
O lord father bring these young girls home safe , , please ....yesterday one from Arima & today another one it so frightening out there
Guide her lord take care of her that she will be able to find her way in jesus name amen
Since marijuana, ok to smoke and sell,there is no profit in it no more, its organs and trafficking is running  first place now,people  watch  out for your family  members  please
Please God bring her home safe in ur name amen
Hope her safe return but bad company has a lot to do with this parents need to be more responsible be more inactive with your kids put money last family first and god will show you the way who god blessed no man curse Amen.
This is ridiculous...a daily bulletin about missing children....whe, re is the intelligence driven police force?
Am I the only one seeing a pattern with mostly missing female teenagers ? , 
Monsters out there
Hope no dutty monster eh gone with d prople child
LOAN OFFER !!!,  ,  Apply for an online cash loan at a low interest rate of  3%, We offer business, personal,and car,home,mortga, ge Xmas loans our ranging from ( $5,000,00 to  $2,000,000.00  USD ) e.t.c with out salary transfer, interested customers should kindly messaged our official Facebook page or  E-mail address { Beverlyonlinelo, an@gmail .com},  ,  EMAIL : BEVERLYONLINELO, AN@GMAII .COM,  ,  CONTACT US ON WHATSAPP VIA : +1 (321)  250-1907
Imagine children not safe nowhere in this place. You cant even be a child in peace  now.
If nothing serous is happening to people what youll expect not for the crime to go on
no word about  MYSTER  and his brother in law  and how  his brother in law had his gun out when they went to get his hoeing sister in law yet ???  fire MYSTAR NOW
FIRE MYSTAR NOW
fire MYSTAR NOW
fire MYSTAR NOW
LOAN OFFER !!!,  ,  Apply for an online cash loan at a low interest rate of  3%, We offer business, personal,and car,home,mortga, ge Xmas loans our ranging from ( $5,000,00 to  $2,000,000.00  USD ) e.t.c with out salary transfer, interested customers should kindly messaged our official Facebook page or  E-mail address { Beverlyonlinelo, an@gmail .com},  ,  EMAIL : BEVERLYONLINELO, AN@GMAII .COM,  ,  CONTACT US ON WHATSAPP VIA : +1 (321)  250-1907
UDECOTT is the company responsible and accountable for this disaster. When you employ a sub contractor to do work that means you have selected the experts to do it. Your job is to make sure it is done according to the specs agreed. And you have a responsibility to only pay when the inspection is completed and you are 100% satisfied the work is completed as agreed. So dont try to pass blame. Take responsibility and get it fixed and now get an extended warranty beyond the 1 year.....unless,  you plan to call them back to repair it after the year is past so you can get more kickbacks....
EXACTLY ,  And its vehicles faults for bad roads and road fatalities.,  Finally,some common sense from the local govt.
Bad installation procedure or defect in the glass roof. Glass domes and known to be more.complex.to,  install they should have done due diligence and test for leaks during inspection.
I really wonder and want to know if u repair a house and the roof that u put on leaks at u do not call the contractor and tell him remember the whole roof aint leaking but once is PNM  well I want to know where the billions for the plant on the  Beetham gone hum these people and there supporters
So who to blame them. God and the rain???? Modass I does be hearing bai
Always blame others for thier negligence....., where was the oversight...the,  supervision...., quality assurance...qua, lity control...who sign off..on the works....etc..., .who suppose to enforce proper schedules and specifications., ...!!!!!...was the clerk of works or project manager qualified and experienced...., !!!!
Blame the rain ,  Rain cause flooding ,  Rain cause roof in red house to leak
Soooo..... anybody make roti this morning....,     Ah feeling for sada and choka
It cost 20 million to do a roof and it has leaks. We all know somebody pocketed 15million and subcontracted the roof at 5 million
Ohhh gosh Im fedup now enough with the blame game just fix it
So much money to refurbish  ? All ah we is family , everybody have to get something  .
Partly? What? He didn\t have enough money to do the roof. Okay..., ,  gotcha.
Using d word contractor and big rip off
So if the contractor partly to blame, who the rest of blame going on? The opposition?
Five hundred million an the roof leaking ....wah u ppl have a leaking brain too geez...
So who OKAYED THE JOB AT THE HANDING OVER CEREMONY..  HOW THEY TESTED  TO MAKE SURE IT  GOOD.
Hinds could fix that hes specialize in water
So who hired the contractor?
Who is the inspector? Get him to answer
Blame for what? Didnt Roxy Stapleton, Udecotts Communications Manager     dismissed this debacle as FAKE NEWS?
POSTPONE CARNIVAL...HEED,  THE CALL OF THE CITIZENS BEFORE ITS TOO LATE
Please postpone  carnival
TTPS LATEX GLOVES N-95 MASK FOR TTPS CUSTOMS AND EXISE DIVISON PORT WORKERS
Understand this .
So what about making the country in general safe instead of making one event safe , \u200d
Yes i agree
I agree , 
Right now we are not concerned about that our concern is the caronavirus
Yes I say so cancelled
Why cant the government listen to the people....postp, one Carnival.
People talk !!
In the face of a global health emergency, Carnival 2020 should be cancelled..., http://bit.ly/, 37FPTYF
Reveal the plans....put the criminals on alert....
fire MYSTAR NOW
fire MYSTAR NOW
fire MYSTAR NOW
FIRE MYSTAR NOW
FIRE MYSTAR NOW
fire MYSTAR NOW f
fire MYSTAR NOW f
Very good Mr Duke. For once I can agree with you. Keep dem in check.
Thank you Mr PM oops sorry got carried away with your level of  efficiency and concern for the everyday  citizen.
What Duke needs is protective gear for his mouth so he wouldnt create all this hysteria.
Mr.Duke the problem is far bigger than that, we need to avoid contact with people from all the affected countries from coming in,just saw a report two cases on a ship holding 6ooo people quaranteened
First off, that aint even the correct mask to wear. Second, if it was me, I value my life and I wouldnt wait to get any life preserving gear. I would sacrifice a fete or two and buy it myself. Keep waiting for others to do for you...smh
, , ,  ,  Watson Duke is right. ,  ,  I just dont understand why some Trinbagonians are so obtuse - so stupid. There I said it - S.T.U.P.I.D. Everything is a joke for them. Everything is wrapped in a carnival mentality and grounded in indolence.,  ,  Its tragic that some Trinbagonians fit so perfectly the stereotype.,  ,  , #, BlindDeafAndDum, b,  , #, GullibleFoolish, Masses
Trinidad is so far from the source of the virus , we dont even have a suspected case but you Mr mischief maker talking about protective gears within 24 hours , they have started screening people and they will do what is required as time goes along , the government is vrry pro active on this , more than any other Caribbean conutry and even the USA . Mr Duke just looking for some publicity as usual to make himself relevant
Who is checking the Ports at Chaguaramas. I know it mainly regional ships but it is still vulnerable and checks should be made that proper protocol is followed and employees safety is a priority.
What gear? A risk assessment was done of course and the government is withholding safety gears....? Did the officers comply with section 10 .... if so they can refer to section 15 .... the union taking this level of action to me seems excessive if the correct process was not followed.
We, the citizens would be wise to place online orders for hazmat suits asap. I am trying to tell myself that some of what I am seeing/, hearing is really fear-mongering, but with each passing day, I am wondering if I am in denial.
Alyuh really think that the Gov really care abt ppl , , , ,  Alyuh wake up eh
campaigning with serious issues what about seeking solutions as a country for once  we are all in this together
Amen n Amen, Bro. Someone is seeing the Light!,  We need Transformationa, l leaders, leading from the Front and bringing about deep change!
The Ministry said that they will get the masks for the workers. What did Duke say that was inappropriate? Allyuh reeaall good, yes.
Duke trying to be relevant. Sorry Duke you better off shutting up. Weve a new leader in Tobago. Congrats mam.
Or what, you gonna swim to Tobago again??, , 
Dust masks? Shame!!!, , , 
Equip Carnival mas bands with that too. The assumption is that its a Carnival flu but it maybe flu like symptoms of the coronavirus
Wit all do respect.. duke just want bust up he mouth... its the cdc and medical agencies need to be the first line of defense
Not wishing  anyone  anything  bad  but  we should  really get  a case of the virus  and  then  we will  see how  serious this  thing  really  is..  ALLYUH know there is no  cure right???
My friend this topic is for the wise sorry it it offended you do accept my apologies. Just saying
Anyone knows if the little island out in speyside Tobago still vacant...,  Because yuh see me I ready to run...,  They dont learn in t&t.., , ,  I am in survival mode,,,all yuh get serious
Hospitals are filled also.
When is elections COME OUT AN VOTE FOR XXXX who ever ! wud we be alive for this coming election? But yall refuse to protect the citizens
Start building shelters equiped with beds And medical supplies, doctors and nurses on standby . because the hospitals got no space for C .Virus patients. Cant afford private care like you all Ministers.
This is not a new virus folks. How did Dettol know about this virus ?
1. This country needs money. Carnival brings money. ,  2. Carnival or not. If the virus continues to evolve it will reach here.
Lets hope many of us do live to see another carnival !!
Always, that doesnt mean anything because the government is putting out most of the money for carnival and the hotels,  Getting richer and richer.
Im guessing the warning from the World Health Organization is lost on this government
You cant just stop carnival just so  too much people invest billions in carnival if they stop it they can sue the state
Wonder if any Corona there.....
Watching all these comments and not one iota of anything about the article. ,  Maybe as time progresses, Business Watch will inform us of any Hotel bookings cancellations, thats based on the Coronavirus scare. How about that.
Yea alyuh jump ..... straight to mt hope
Seriously?? Why dont I believe that?
Whats new?
Trolle,  satan jeg satser p vi ka bo det sted vi har booket haha
And Lysol too.
Yea right
So sad by god everything is possible god wil removed all obtiscle please lord let the guy get over i thank you lord  ilove you much om namo shivaya namaha
People saying leave them there however, its carnival season, people would be flying into Trinidad by the plane loads and, who would know who went where?
This is unfortunate and sad
Trinidad is in no condition to deal with this
They better off there than rundown hopeless trinidad....
The virus has spread to ALL regions in China, not just Wuhan.
BEST DECISION
Leave there in China!
Start screening at the borders immediately.
Sad be safe and take all the necessary precautions
Seline S. Lochan-Harpaul
are u worried?
Yuh could find ah trini in everything
Extremely sad
Let them stay there
Sorry to hear that, leave them there
https://, www.bbc.com/, news/, world-asia-china, -51305526
To get rid of virus just drink 2 cold Corona before you sleep
LOAN OFFER !!!,  ,  Apply for an online cash loan at a low interest rate of  3%, We offer business, personal,and car,home,mortga, ge Xmas loans our ranging from ( $5,000,00 to  $2,000,000.00  USD ) e.t.c with out salary transfer, interested customers should kindly messaged our official Facebook page or  E-mail address { Beverlyonlinelo, an@gmail .com},  ,  EMAIL : BEVERLYONLINELO, AN@GMAII .COM,  ,  CONTACT US ON WHATSAPP VIA : +1 (321)  250-1907
ALL...ALL. of China has confirmed cases of the virus...CNC 3 please report the current facts.
Thank you Mr , Watson Duke,  and the PDP for having a press conference in Tobago highlighting the coronavirus and the potential treat to our national security... when PDP talks they move .....PDP Spartans , 
Mr. DUKE! THANKS FOR SHOWING CONCERNS TO WORKERS   RE: MASK.   BLESSINGS TO PERSONS LIKE U...WE MOSTLY TALK LESS ACTIONS. CARNIVAL IS MOORE IMPORTANT THAT OUR SAFTY.  LETS HOPE WE DONT HAVE ANY KINDS OF BREAKOUTS TO CAUSE ANY KINDS OF PANIC TO OUR CITAZINES.  BE SAFE!!!
Ebola is more deadly and we did what we could to prevent it from coming here. And it was an issue around this same carnival season. Carnival was not cancelled then. The ppl in T&T r stronger than they think. We fought ebola....we can fight the coronavirus.
Runaway Crime in the country and when you ask the Speaker of the house to have a DEBATE on it....she turns them down all the times....when one of the chambers told the Minister of the CRISIS....he said their was NO CRISIS....So CARNIVAL is around the corner....Do you think THEY will POSTPONE CARNIVAL......N, O WAY....and the health institutions in the country is NOT READY FOR ANY CORONAVIRUS
I heard dat the doctors association asked the government to postpone Carnival and they refused
Carnival seems to be more important than our health and lives. In my book carnival shouldnt even exist.
Stop the canival it is the biggest sexual party and it not helping the economy because every year they say dont makes money close it down just like Caroni and petrotrin but they still putting millions of dollars when that money could use to help a lot of poor people .
For the wellbeing of our ppl in trinidad, please cancel carnival This virus is deadly cant they c that,.All we can do is pray that it dont reach here.
I think the whole cabinet should go for a trip to China to see first hand the effects of the virus and remain in quarantine for the next year before being allowed back in T&T
Finally. Everyone else knows its serious except the MOH. But then you know all about medication so youll be informing us about what to use for this virus.
Mr minister just band the carnival and cut the OLD TALK because YOU know we cant handle thats the hospital is already in a big Mess and you cant deal with it
While ur Discussing try n discuss one time to get some beds for the ppl of T&T that u soooo care for nahhh, , , .. Our Citizens suffering now muchless when it reach ...weyyy ur tink , , 
Mr Deyalsing you and your  cabinet members is carnival all your thing sit down and talk about  how much Corona beer all your could drink and get drunk to run the  country all your clueless Mad mother for coors.
Ask yourself alluh really think this government has a plan for anything at all.. than lie and thief
POSTPONE CARNIVAL and close the Airport until this Virus issue is fixed.
HEALTH LIVES before Money,  Cancel Carnival its not the end of the World,.     Yet.
The peoples that is saying to ban carnival is one set that is and was always against carnival. They dont like the mixing of pople enjoying themselves. They are the kind of people that go to the beach or fly out carnival time.
I hope that that no vistor(s) sue this Government if they get infected while here. , 
Are we really prepared? The health workers at the airport why are they testing incoming passengers without facemasks? With over crowding at the hospitals where will suspect coronavirus cases be hospitalized should there be an out break?
In the time they took to start looking at it, China built two hospitals
Im so sorry to hear that but they need to stay strong but you all have to stay just a bit longer ok we will wish u good from here,  ,  , #, boutcomingback
Hope theyre safe and protected. Stay strong in china.
Wells...my prayers go out to yalls. Stay strong in China.
My prayers goes out to them. Stay in and keep safe, , 
Ah sorry for them!! Just protect you all self. My prayers goes out to each and every one of you.
Unfortunate. Stay strong and stay there
How is this under the table. Lots of students go there each year from all over the world. If it was america this happen,would it be under the table? If am wrong for asking let me know.
My heart goes out to these students and their parents  I know we dont  want  the virus  here but if my child was their I would want them to come home
Prayers for everyone. Start safe and remember safety precautions and do minimal movement in and out of your apartment for shopping etc...
Reading these comments , , wondering if some of yall were born with a heart, 
This is so sad.. hoping for the best for you stay safe
Wow, this is hard for the families here...
Guys I feel for you, but if you love you trini people, stay there until its ok to return. God bless
Well Well! What is this I hearing!! WONDER WHO ARE THESE STUDENTS LOTS AND LOTS OF THINGS HAPPENS UNDER THE TABLE MAN!!
In the words of thanos a small price for salvation
Please  stay strong my Trini people
Praying for their safety.
We pray for all of u out there may god watch over yall.ameen
Omg this is sad. Lets all pray for them to be safe.
Be strong but stay far
I tried to book one night in Kapok ...... No rooms available
Happy  to here man.. how many of them are Trinidadians and prefers to stay in hotels  to show their friends and families.... anything can happen BEHIND closed doors... PRIVACY, , 
we jamming still,this place is something else
,  The virus gone global, but we jamming still, ,  smh
feeding grounds....
Haters already at the trough
Peoples priorities are backwards.  
#, wejammingstill
Oh coronavirus welcome. They aint find it weird this virus breakout and a increase is sudden for Trinidad?
LOAN OFFER !!!,  ,  Apply for an online cash loan at a low interest rate of  3%, We offer business, personal,and car,home,mortga, ge Xmas loans our ranging from ( $5,000,00 to  $2,000,000.00  USD ) e.t.c with out salary transfer, interested customers should kindly messaged our official Facebook page or  E-mail address { Beverlyonlinelo, an@gmail .com},  ,  EMAIL : BEVERLYONLINELO, AN@GMAII .COM,  ,  CONTACT US ON WHATSAPP VIA : +1 (321)  250-1907
Perenco and the contracting company should come better than this. This article doesnt make sense.
Is this the same fire they said was small and was quickly extinguished?
What about the SAFTY measures   should in case of  ANY   ACCIDENTS BEFORE IT HAPPENS,  .. JUST    ASKING.....
looks slick
So sad
Wrong picture....not Perenco Trinidad.
What!!
Like is ah trend with Perenco platforms now owa...
LOAN OFFER !!!,  ,  Apply for an online cash loan at a low interest rate of  3%, We offer business, personal,and car,home,mortga, ge Xmas loans our ranging from ( $5,000,00 to  $2,000,000.00  USD ) e.t.c with out salary transfer, interested customers should kindly messaged our official Facebook page or  E-mail address { Beverlyonlinelo, an@gmail .com},  ,  EMAIL : BEVERLYONLINELO, AN@GMAII .COM,  ,  CONTACT US ON WHATSAPP VIA : +1 (321)  250-1907
Hmm.quarry Junction, and up.seeing sooo much trouble for water for weeks, its like we living in old age times, No one cares about as in trouble, only come when they want VOTE, me.never again VOTING,
Water is essential for the prevention of. Corona virus , , , 
How can you tell a disruption in service when you barely get water in the first place? , 
So whats new.
Oh please what new wasa.
The MINISTERS paying we. For 36... but the mark bust playing u back for 23
The red house go supply
, , 
Lol
Y only in south wasa d shut down
Ground Hog Day meet your best friend Deja Vu! Steups! , , , , 
Shithole leaders.
LOL, the reality is that no protection order could prevent a person from harming another. All the order does is seek to instil a temporary restraint on the person from causing harm to the other. The police cannot be blamed except they have a crystal ball and power of a wizard to get there in that second. In short, people will do what they want to do and the law picks up after the event. So the best protection order you can get if you have a violent partner is to skip the country and cut ties with everyone.
This is what we are so good at in this Country. Pointing Blame in the wrong direction. ,  Children misbehave at school, blame the Minister of Education and the Teachers , \u200d, , never the families failed in their Responsibility.,  Woman gets murdered or physically abused by her spouse or ex spouse, blame the Police , \u200d,  and Magistrate , \u200d, , never the families or Community or friends for failing to make an early intervention. All of the legislations in the World , ,  would not reverse these statistics anytime soon. People need to look in the mirror.
Tell us some we dont know . Also the guy needed help the magistrate should have recommended  him to some counseling
Restraining Order simply doesnt work! I see it as a trigger! I remember only too well a few years ago in Trinidad, a woman had a restraining order, she also had police accompanied her to the house so that she can retrieve some of her belongings, what happened! The husband was in the very house, and murdered her while the officers were right there! Simple because they failed to search the entire house, and accompany here throughout all the areas of the house. Just an example.....
Step 1: get restraining order,  ,  Step 2: carry it to police to let them know. ,  ,  Step 3: make complaint to police when order is breached. ,  ,  Step 4 (and this is key): DO NOT GET MURDERED BETWEEN STEPS 1-3. 
TTPS could not have prevented this. Restraining order might work with persons who eventually believe they can move on with their own lives. This man came with a purpose. She was cornered. Very sad ...
That protection order couldnt save her life or prevent anyone from taking same action. Theres other things they could have done and she would have been alive today and he would also , , , 
Why cant the process be amended so that the ttps is automatically notified once a court grants a protection order ?
They are both dead whatever transpired between is lost forever let them rest in peace.move on people.everybod, y and there problems are different
No they have not failed to enforce protection!they,  failed as humans when they left the bodies uncovered for about four hours.
I really dont understand why people are quick to blame the TTPS for every blasted thing!
Protection order dont work in a 3rd and 4th world system eg...Trinidad it only works in the movie
No piece of paper will stop someone from doin something like this,he was prepared to take his own life,police couldnt do anything.
TTPS always fail at this - I could name a few women died because the TTPS didnt do anything about it
It does not have to end so he should have walk away sad
Errrr well they did and didnt. The paper work and warning may have been issued but he got to her didnt he.
Couva police station is a waste of time they always come n an could never reach 
Need protection
no excuses needed weak human no one is to blame
K.Alleyne I agree with you
How is it possible for so many people to just up and disappear and to go missing in a country smaller than the size of one sheet of TOILET PAPER? , , , 
I No this little girl an her grandmother should have someone to council her...but again when they do wrong no one wants to take complaints..fir, st thing they say is go to the police i dont want to hear anything...sry for her ..just 13yrs old
Please Lord Jesus let her be found safe.
Great question that no one can or cares to answer !!
I know her from londaville primary she is a troublesome individual always in a trouble as well as her sister so there is more to this story stop wasting police time
Please God bring her home safe in ur name amen
Lyandra DeAbreu you aint no saint yall need some serious help yes smh , 
Ppl dont judge  ppl uur children doing wrost that this little girl but god is gud, 
Udk Ur daughter taking man on Ig , , Noo but u watching other ppl own
Again another teen ran
And besides you hot from long time
Come here with a man and leave him for a next man
Gooooooo homeeee plzzzzzz
Is it kunti
Sad ehhhh
She with her lover
l8tr , 
Pipe befor carnival nothing to see here people
